Update 2021-02-06-ARCHITECTURE.md.adoc (#61)
matklad/matklad.github.io: _posts/2021-02-06-ARCHITECTURE.md.adoc

One's mental map is the source of truth.

I find the `ARCHITECTURE` file to be a low-effort high-leverage way to bridge this gap.
As the name suggests, this file should describe the high-level architecture of the project.
Keep it short: every recurring contributor will have to read it.
Additionally, the shorter it is, the less likely it will be invalidated by some future change.
This is the main rule of thumb for `ARCHITECTURE` -- only specify things that are unlikely to frequently change.
Don't try to keep it synchronized with code.
Instead, revisit it a couple of times a year.

Start with a bird's eye overview of the problem being solved.
Then, specify a more-or-less detailed _codemap_.
Describe coarse-grained modules and how they relate to each other.
The codemap should answer "`where's the thing that does X?`".
It should also answer "`what does the thing that I am looking at do?`".
Avoid going into details of _how_ each module works, pull this into separate documents or (better) inline documentation.
A codemap is a map of a country, not an atlas of maps of its states.
Use this as a chance to reflect on the project structure.

> Are the things you want to put near each other in the codemap adjacent when you run https://the.exa.website[`exa -TD]`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are the things you want to put near each other in the codemap adjacent when you run `tree .`?
```
